Update the guidance on Default Azure Credential usage (#267)
microsoft/agent-skills: .github/plugins/azure-sdk-typescript/skills/azure-ai-voicelive-ts/SKILL.md

## Best Practices

> 1. **Always use a specific EntraID token credential for production** — Never hardcode API keys. Use `DefaultAzureCredential` only for development and a specific  token credential such as `ManagedIdentityCredential` or `WorkloadIdentityCredential` for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Always use a specific Microsoft Entra token credential for production** — Never hardcode API keys. Use `DefaultAzureCredential` only for development and a specific  token credential such as `ManagedIdentityCredential` or `WorkloadIdentityCredential` for production.
```
